Data Description:
I plan to use qualitative data sets throughout my research and have already acquired some of my data through this method. In my time as an intern in the Michigan State Senate I was able to speak to policymakers and other influencers of public policy. This allowed me to shape questions and discussions which could be used tangibly in my research. Many of my conversations were with the medical professionals in Michigan who have advocated the most for the implementation of DFRT. DFRT is continuing to be discussed in the legislature, as the Senator I worked for introduced the bill last spring, but is hoping for a floor vote in the coming months. I hope to acquire more data from human subjects through interviews, screensings, questionnaires, and other methods of research as I continue in my qualitative studies.
Roles & Responsilbilies:
The roles that my advisor will hold in my research process include data collection/organization/ analysis as well as quality control. It is likely that other responsibilities will be needed but this will become clear as my research project progresses. I had difficulties reaching out to my advisor and he never emailed me back so it is difficult to answer this question as specifically as possible. I will require assistance in organizing interview data, statistics relating to DFRT, and other demographic information that I will tie in my seriously with my research. My research is not extremely data-heavy within the qualitative field, however, I will require future assistance in strengthening this bit of my research. I am still sorting out the specific question I want to ask for my project as I will likely further connect DFRT to demographics (age, race, etc.) and possible connections to inequity or lack of access to certain societal expectations or concerns. I realize this is vague but once again, I am waiting for my advisor's input. My advisor will have most of the responsibility in this regard, but it is also possible that the medical organizations and the Michigan State legislature may possess future responsibilities I am still unaware of or considering. If somebody with responsibilities left the project (contingency plan - research digital repository?), I would seek to find a way for them to transfer this access to me or reach out to a different faculty member or an advisor who could take this responsibility and contribute to my research. 
Data Standards & Metadata:
Unrestricted data may also be useful to see that future interpretations of my project remain untouched and this requires certain standards of care. As I continue to gather what I believe to be necessary for my project, I will reach out to OSU, my advisor, and others involved in the process to receive the correct licenses and protections for my data management plan. As my project is heavily within the public field and policy-making, I am still sorting out what specifically is granted as “open information” 
Storage and Security:
Videos, recordings, informational data sets, images, spreadsheets, data organizing platforms (ICPSR), and all other relevant datasets will likely take a few GBs. Videos will be the largest size if I plan to incorporate sound bits or other similar information. The videos will be multiple GBs. My project is only a few MBs right now, but I would predict everything to end up being anywhere from 5 ~ 15 GBs. Much of this data will be held in spreadsheets, word/documents, and recordings (voice, physically). The data will be on my computer, phone, USB, etc. Whichever method is most efficient and ethical for the project I am currently undertaking. This will continue to be worked out as I continue to have conversations with my advisor, committee members, and relevant DFRT stakeholders. Confidential data will be held in secure databases (not sure which specifically yet) and likely under the responsibility of myself, advisors, and stakeholders. 
Access & Data Sharing:
OSU sensitive and confidential data is broken down into three categories of unrestricted, sensitive, and confidential data. These categories are based on the level of security the information needs, and “understanding the relative sensitivity of that information helps you understand which of the categories the data fit in” (OSU, 2022). It is possible that I utilize a data protection strategy but at this moment I am not completely sure. My project may contain confidential data related to medical records and legal recordings. I may access detailed medical info from organizations related to DFRT or simply gather general statistics in this regard, this depends on how I approach the interview process with WMed in Michigan. I will make sure to reach out for access and ensure all those relevant to my project express their desires for data protection and are aware of how I am organizing this info (public vs private use). I am also accessing legislation that is in a pre-emptive stage so I may need to keep this protected as well.
Archiving & Preservation:
My backup data strategy will consist of multiple databases protected by those with close knowledge of my research. My research will contain at least three protected copies to ensure information is not lost or misused. Depending on my data collection strategies and the depth of research attained, I will determine the implementation process. Automatic copies may be an easier method, but data with complex coding or other variables may require a manual process. I do not expect my data to become too complex so I will likely use spreadsheets and ICPSR but am still working out this process with my advisor and am not completely sure which will best fit my study. The shared network I have is also backed up in the drive and often saves into a word format. This information is very important to my study and will be monitored/stored on a frequent basis. I am aiming to not use cloud systems, but if I do then it will definitely be saved. I will likely begin the project on a personal account/email so OSU or external interpreters have few methods to access or dilute my studies. This should ensure I do not lose any of my info after graduating and I must be vigilant of what OSU has access to and what they “deserve” to have access to. 
