# GRAD521_Budd_2022
OFRT
Data Management Plan for the research project of Overdose-Fatality Review Teams in Michigan
Context of the project:
My research study will focus on the implementation of Drug-Fatality Review Teams (DFRT) (AKA Overdose-Fatality Review Teams - OFRT) in Michigan. Overdose fatality review (OFR) teams are commonly referred to by several names, including, but not limited to, overdose fatality review boards, panels, committees, or commissions. The drafters of the Act chose to use the term “team” for this model because it more accurately reflects the ideals behind the purpose of an overdose fatality review; that is, a group of multidisciplinary individuals coming together to achieve a common goal of overdose prevention in a setting in which everyone offers a unique perspective to the case review process. Additionally, some jurisdictions will use the term “death” as opposed to “fatality” (LAPPA, 2021). I also plan to incorporate specific theories of public policy which I have learned in my program. 
April 24, 2022
James Budd
My research study will focus on the implementation of Drug-Fatality Review Teams (DFRT) (AKA Overdose-Fatality Review Teams - OFRT) in Michigan. Overdose fatality review (OFR) teams are commonly referred to by several names, including, but not limited to, overdose fatality review boards, panels, committees, or commissions. The drafters of the Act chose to use the term “team” for this model because it more accurately reflects the ideals behind the purpose of an overdose fatality review; that is, a group of multidisciplinary individuals coming together to achieve a common goal of overdose prevention in a setting in which everyone offers a unique perspective to the case review process. Additionally, some jurisdictions will use the term “death” as opposed to “fatality” (LAPPA, 2021). I also plan to incorporate specific theories of public policy which I have learned in my program. 
